on day one lee abbott goes into town to grab
a few items from the shop where he sees a news
report about an explosion going off somewhere
nearby he then goes to meet his family evelyn
is playing with beau while regan is waiting for
him at the bench to watch marcus at a baseball
game marcus is preparing for the play in the
middle of the game everybody sees what looks like
a comet coming down from the sky everybody starts
to flee with regan joining lee while evelyn takes
the boys as lee approaches an officer to see what
is going on the monsters begin to attack the town
lee grabs regan and hides inside a bar while an
alien strolls outside listening and waiting the
bar is attacked when a woman's phone goes off but
lee and regan get out and run back to evelyn and
the boys just as the monster runs after them and
kills the officer back at day 474 shortly after
killing the aliens that closed in on their home
in the previous movie evelyn gets regan marcus and
the baby out of the house before they proceed to
head out evelyn grabs an oxygen tank for the baby
while reagan gets a map plus a radio to weaponize
against the creatures the family moves on quietly
armed with their guns they go beyond their
usual trail and go following the railroad evelyn
accidentally sets off a trap that causes some
bottles to rattle as they're on someone spots them
through a sniper lens marcus's leg gets caught in
a bear trap causing him to scream uncontrollably
although evelyn tries to quiet him down the
baby starts crying too a monster approaches them
but regan gets the speaker ready to weaken the
monster with the frequency from her hearing aid
before evelyn blasts it in the head they continue
to run as another monster approaches but they are
found by the sniper a man named emmett they're on
as the monster is just behind them he brings the
family down into his soundproof bunker before the
monster can get them evelyn recognizes emmett from
the past since his kid went to school with regan
and marcus but emmett's wife and son have died
he says there are other survivors out there but
he claims they are not worth saving after evelyn
treats marcus's wound she talks to emmett and
mentions that lee is dead emmet also apparently
knew that it was lee who would light fires every
night but he never thought to go for the abbotts
regan puts the radio on for marcus when
he suddenly hears beyond the sea plane
they realize this means someone else is playing it
but emmett says the song plays on a loop and that
it's been picked up since he moved to the hills
regan tells marcus that she thinks the song choice
is a code and that she can use a map to find where
the song is being played if she can find a boat
marcus tries to convince her otherwise but regan
leaves in the morning when everyone is asleep
evelyn pleads with emmett to go look for regan
mentioning how she already lost one child
regan travels far enough to come across the train
tracks after some crows make noise a monster comes
to the train car she is in regan utilizes the
hearing aid and fires one shot at the monster
but she tries cocking her rifle and it gets stuck
the monster lunges toward her but emmett arrives
in time to shoot it in the head he tries to bring
regan back and he also must enunciate his words
since he can't communicate in sign language with
her regan is still adamant about going through
with her plan meanwhile after resting reagan
lost her hearing aid devastated but emmett came
back giving it back to her evelyn went out
from the bunker to gather medical supplies
leaving marcus alone to take care of the baby
evelyn stops by beau's memorial shrine to pay
tribute to her son she then stops by the store
to grab medicine bandages and two oxygen tanks
marcus steps out of the bunker for a moment to
check out emmett's compound and is startled by
what appears to be a woman's decomposing corpse he
knocks something over and alerts a nearby monster
marcus runs back into the bunker but accidentally
locks himself and the baby inside the vault
and the oxygen tank is running dangerously low
and both marcus and the baby are having difficulty
breathing air regan and emmett stop by the marina
to get a boat but emmett sees what looks like a
little girl crying he approaches her but the girl
places a rope around his neck other survivors led
by a sickly man come out and attempt to capture
regan and take the hearing aid from her reagan was
forced to go with the man and telemet instructed
her to dive she does so and emmitt creates noise
that attracts a monster it attacks the survivors
and emmett stabs the leader in the leg so he can
scream and attract the monster emmett jumps in the
water and when a creature goes after him it drowns
regan then appears on a boat and grabs emmett
and emmett reveals he has the hearing aid
kept safe in his mouth evelyn makes it back to
the bunker but finds that one of the monsters
has made it in there she places one of her oxygen
tanks near some fuel as the monster rises up
evelyn shoots the tank blowing it up and causing
the monster to catch fire but it doesn't kill it
the sprinklers go off and the falling water gives
evelyn a chance to head back down and make it to
her boys in time evelyn was worried to see marcus
has passed out from oxygen deprivation but then
he wakes up evelyn closes the vault safely this
time bregen and emmett make it to an island where
the survivors were playing this song they meet
a man who is part of the group he asks emmett
if he figured out the message but emmett admits
it was all regan the man explains that once the
national guard realized the monsters couldn't swim
they began sending boats away from the cities but
most people ruined it by screaming and attracting
the monsters in the morning emmett hears a noise
coming from the boat and he finds that a monster
managed to arrive on the island on the boat
emma tries to warn the islanders but the
monster begins to attack and kill people
regan and emmitt join the man as he honks his
car horn to get the monster away from the people
he brings the two to the radio station before
the monster drags him away and kills him
regan and emmett lure the monster into the radio
station where the song had been playing emmett
does what he can to distract the monster while
regan makes her way into the control room at the
same time evelyn steps out of the vault and finds
that the monster made its way into the bunker
and it tries to attack evelyn and the boys in
the vault regan puts her hearing aid on the
microphone and the frequency weakens the monster
marcus hears the noise over the radio and plays
it to weaken their monster he steps out of the
vault and grabs evelyn's pistol shooting the
monster in the head while regan grabs a microphone
stand and jams it into the other monster's head
the hearing aid remains on the microphone for
anyone to turn to the right channel and fight back
thank you for viewing our movie
recapped i hope you have enjoyed
watching our videos please like and share the
video and subscribe to our channel to help us
grow click the notification bell so you will
be notified when we upload our next videos
you